They keep swaying that sea levels are rising an' all this. It's not to do with the icebergs melting, it's because there's too many fish in it. Get rid of some of the fish and the water will drop. Simple. Basic science.
If you don't have a plan, you can end up doing some interesting things.
If you can't do it, don't do it.
Do logs say they, 'Slept like a human'?
Why didn't evolution make a giraffe good at carpentry so it could build a ladder?
I reckon we'd get by okay if we had lobster hands.
You can be an ugly baby and everyone goes awww innit nice? There was some women in a cafe the other week that I was sat in, and she came up and she sat down with her mate and she was talkin' loudly goin' on about oh the baby's lovely. They said it's got, er, lovely big eyes, er, really big hands and feet. Now that doesn't sound like a nice baby to me. I felt like sayin' it sounds like a frog. But I thought I dont know her, there's only so much you can say to a stranger.
If you live in a glass house, don't be chucking stuff about.
You can only talk rubbish if you're aware of knowledge.
People say having kids is life changing, well that doesn't necessarily mean a good thing, does it? I could take one of my legs off. That would change my life.
On being a sperm, I'm surprised that I won the race to the egg. I'm not a good swimmer. If I was back in there now I'd go forget it, let them lot go first.
When you've been on a programme called 'An Idiot Abroad' job offers aren't exactly flying in.
Yesterday, I did some painting then went out to buy an onion and came home and watched 'University Challenge.' The onion was probably the highlight.
I'd rather live in a cave with a view of a palace than live in a palace with a view of a cave.
[plays flute badly]
You know how they say people have six senses? There's loads more than that. [The ability to feel someone looking at you], that's been around since man and dinosaur were knockin' about.
On dopplegangers - How would I know which one I was? 
Does the brain control you or are you controlling the brain? I don't know if I'm in charge of mine.
Karl's diary - Woke up at 9.55am. Soon as I woke up, I looked at Suzanne and she looked at me. I said, Did I tell you about the immune system? Suzanne starting laughing, I said it's amazing. She said, Not now.
I was walking past a sex shop an' that. One, it was open early which I never understood, it was about eight o'clock in the morning. Who needs butt plugs then?
